Logit scale, changes in LogitLocator and LogitFormatter (#14512)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/logit_scale_stuff.rst

Improvements in Logit scale ticker and formatter

> -----------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```
/home/circleci/project/doc/users/next_whats_new/logit_scale_stuff.rst:2: WARNING: Title underline too short.

Improvements in Logit scale ticker and formatter
-----------------------------------------------
```

Author: I blame my spell checker , which correct the title without correction the underline.

Will be fixed.

Author: fixed, committed, ans squashed.

> Introduced in version 1.5, the logit scale didn't have appropriate ticker and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Introduced in version 1.5, the logit scale didn't have an appropriate ticker and
```

> formatter. Previously, location of ticks was not zoom dependent, too many label

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
formatter. Previously, the location of ticks was not zoom dependent, too many labels
```

> was displayed implying overlapping which break readability, and label formatting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
were displayed causing overlapping which broke readability, and label formatting
```

> was not precision adaptive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
did not adapt to precision.
```

> Starting from this version, the locator have near the same behavior as the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from this version, the logit locator has nearly the same behavior as the
```

> locator for the log scale or the same behavior as the locator for the linear

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
locator for the log scale or the linear
```

scale, depending on used zoom. The number of ticks is controlled. Some minor
labels are displayed adaptively as sublabels in log scale. Formatting is adapted

> for probabilities and the precision is adaptive depending on the scale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for probabilities and the precision is adapts to the scale.
```
